Monitoring audit logging (#352)
elastic/docs-content: manage-data/ingest/ingesting-data-from-applications/ingest-data-with-python-on-elasticsearch-service.md

)
```

> Check [Create API key API](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/security-api-create-api-key.html) to learn more about API Keys and [Security privileges](../../../deploy-manage/users-roles/cluster-or-deployment-auth/elasticsearch-privileges.md) to understand which privileges are needed. If you are not sure what the right combination of privileges for your custom application is, you can enable [audit logging](../../../deploy-manage/monitor/logging-configuration/enabling-audit-logs.md) on {{es}} to find out what privileges are being used. To learn more about how logging works on Elasticsearch Service, check [Monitoring Elastic Cloud deployment logs and metrics](https://www.elastic.co/blog/monitoring-elastic-cloud-deployment-logs-and-metrics).

Author: ```suggestion
Check [Create API key API](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/security-api-create-api-key.html) to learn more about API Keys and [Security privileges](../../../deploy-manage/users-roles/cluster-or-deployment-auth/elasticsearch-privileges.md) to understand which privileges are needed. If you are not sure what the right combination of privileges for your custom application is, you can enable [audit logging](../../../deploy-manage/monitor/logging-configuration/enabling-audit-logs.md) on {{es}} to find out what privileges are being used. To learn more about how logging works on {{ech}} or {{ece}}, check [Monitoring Elastic Cloud deployment logs and metrics](https://www.elastic.co/blog/monitoring-elastic-cloud-deployment-logs-and-metrics).
```
